I bought this to help with the calming effects its supposed to have and to help induce sleep, it smells nice ,good price.
great relaxing frequency
This product is very helpful in pain management. You can use any part of the body except eyes.
I have tried to purchase cheaper oils assuming that they would all smell the same but if I had not previously owned the NOW lavender, I would never have ordered any because the cheaper one (that I tried) was gross! I wish someone had told me that so hopefully this helps others make a decision.
Great product for bath or room spritzer.
I have tried a few lavender essential oils, and the Now label stands out consistently both for the product itself and the good value of the 30ml size. This is distilled from the recommended Lavandula augustifolia (officinalis) species, and not blended with others. I find it is particularly useful in clothes storage, or added to hand-soap. A few drops in a small bowl of wood chips or shavings makes a simple pot-pourri, with food colouring as an optional enhancement.
I always buy NOW essential oils. This time, the scent was just a little different.
Works like a charm at keeping cats from using flower bed as a litter box
Consistent quality and reasonably priced for the 30ml bottle. Only complaint is the abundance of packaging from Amazon for a small product, it was bubble wrapped and had unnecessary paper in a large bag for a small product. The bubble wrap and a small package would have sufficed.
I love the fragrance. I use it undiluted. The first smell is very strong, then it's nice however it fades away fast. I have already used 15 ml in a week. I still love it. However, I can not vouch that its 100% natural. I mix 30 drops with 30ml of water, spray it on my clothes and it leaves a bitter taste on my tongue when I breath it.
I use it to relieve neck pain and also use it for soap making. Natural scent and excellent quality. I wish I can get it for less price. Thank you.
Love this scent. I usually use it with diffuser. But when my kids cant sleep, I usually put 1/2 drops of this oil to their pillow and it makes them sleep properly :-)
This lavender-scented oil is perfect for adding to a defuser. It makes a nice light scent that will help you relax. I use it at bedtime. Very good value for the money.
I use a few drops of this to help my nervous dog...in the bath and before fireworks or thunder storms I rub it in my hands then pet him.
Seems like decent lavender oil. I use it for my laundry by adding a few drops to dryer balls. The scent on the bedsheets is light and comforting. There's no way to say if it's authentic unless you have it lab analyzed so I'm not even going to comment on authenticity. Overall, I'm happy with this brand, and the oil works nicely for my purposes. Would buy it again.
Use for relaxation
The scent is ok, it's lavender. There are better smelling brands but for $10 for a bigger bottle it does the trick. The real problem is the packaging. I ordered a few things at the same time to avoid this issue, instead they shipped them separately and the oil came in a massively oversized box. Amazon's packaging choices only seem to be getting worse.
Good value for 30ml; used in my diffuser every day.
Something has changed. I purchased this brand of oil some time ago and was reasonably satisfied. This is not the case with my recent purchase. This product had the consistency of water rather than an oil. The smell was also different and does not smell like lavender. I am not at all happy with this purchase and will no longer rely on the good reviews for these products
Smells great. Fresh and lovely
Good quality for price.
The lid had a child lock on it which is amazing to see. Unfortunately, the lock wouldn't unscrew. I mean, myself and three men tried to no avail. Something must have been broken. But they refunded me without having to send it back. Happy for that. I may purchase again. This brand is high quality as I've used it before.
Don't get any lavender scent from these bottles just an oily scent. So not sure if these are fake or just a bad batch. Store bought NOW lavender we're far better and have a lavender scent. In looking at the seller. Now foods is not the same as NOW so I'd say these are fake and this is false advertising. All three bottles I received just smell like oil, no lavender.
Smells way more like hay than lavender, and this is why it's cheap. The smell is nauseating rather than soothing, don't buy this, it's disappointing.
I've tried other Now essential oils (peppermint, rosemary, eucalyptus) and I was happy with all of them especially for the value. But this is a complete no - look elsewhere. When I first opened it I knew it was not great quality but I thought its ok, its passable. But then two days later I go to open it again to use it and it smells like its gone bad? There's the tiniest lavender note but an overwhelming rancid smell. Super disappointed with getting an off product, sucks more that amazon doesn't do returns for oils. From what I can tell about the reviews, they must have changed the formulation from what it was in 2019.
I always use Lavender oil for my toddler as it helps him sleep better with few drops under his feet. Unfortunately, couldn't find the brand that I typically used anymore on Amazon and decided to go with the NOW brand since it's known for quality. I was SO wrong. This smells absolutely NOTHING like Lavender. I wish I could return it. Had to throw it in the garbage. Such a waste. Very, very disappointed.
The only thing I dislike about the product is that it does not really smell like pure lavender as it claims on the label. It's definitely mixed with something, I don't know what.
Not bad I have seen better
Oh, what's NOT to like about this lavender oil? The scent is true and potent, perfect for adding (with water) to my oil diffuser. It's thin enough to drip drop-by-drop from the bottle, without pouring out too quickly, so if you are counting the number of drops, you shouldn't have a problem. I would purchase this product again, esp with delivery to my door. I had purchased "now" brand in the past from the health food store but, this saves me the 100 km round trip to town, saves time too, knowing that I am getting the same thing I can buy in a store, with less hassle ..
Strong scent and works just how I needed it to
So I bought this Lavender essential oil a month ago. I loved it, my child for whom I bought it, loved it. Last night I went into her room to turn on the mist and it smelled really bad! Stale. So I throughly washed the diffuser from inside and I filled it again and added the oil. Something didn't feel right but I thought the bad smell got stuck in my head. Tonight the same thing happened.. the smell was sooo bad that i washed the unit all over again thinking I might have left some portions unwashed (the diffuser is also one month old only and i change the water every alternate day) Then I put the lavender oil again and it smelled even worse than last night. Then I smelled the oil bottle and thats where the smell was coming from. It was rotten smell!!! I was lucky to return it as it was exactly one month!!! I am surprised how bad it turned within a month!! The worst part is now I will have to search for a new one all over again. It's bad!!! And the whole experience was pretty sad!
Great quality and smell. Have bought a few of these now.
I have used numerous essential oils et al for more than 20 years. This product is the best that I have found. Excellent quality, great price, reliable delivery and follow-up with Amazon.ca. All good and I would recommend this item with no hesitation.
I have always liked NOW essential oils
It can be pretty touch and go buying Lavender essential oil. Some brands hit you with a camphoric blast the minute you open the bottle. This is natural - camphor is definitely present in the biological make up of lavender. Some strains seem to have more and some have less, and this will be reflected in the essential oil. I've tried many brands and more or less "tolerated" them, without really liking them. But this one.... I LIKE!! To my nose, it's got exactly the right amount of camphor, without overshadowing the other, more subtle lavender notes. Many thanks to the other reviewers who praised this brand because, without their recommendations, I'd still be looking for my perfect, lovely lavender. This is the one...! No need to look any further! Highly recommend.
This is a fantastic lavender oil. I imagine that a natural product like this varies based on the quality of the flower crop, so may not be exactly the same each time, but I have to say the bottle I got is genuinely the best lavender I've ever had for my ultrasonic diffuser.
I am using LAVENDER Essential oil for my ugly scars. The only carrier oil that I had available was Castor oil. It has tons of minerals and healing properties. It's thick but it does the job. I cannot believe how quickly that the two together are ridding my red scabby scars and reducing the appearance of them. Of course it smells nice and can be used for so many things. Good brand.
Loved this, the smell was perfect and it has lasted me quite a while even though I use it daily!
I added 3 drops into my humidifier and the scent did not fade for 10 refills at least. It gave me the biggest headache and it smelled like chemicals rather tan lavender.
This is an authentic good quality product. The lavender smells lovely. Price point makes it very affordable and good value.
I buy this brand from healthy planet . Being it's the same price I thought why not have it delivered for free. This is carrier oil with a hint of lavender. Smells like metal. So dissatisfied and disappointed that it can't be returned. Amazon you should allow for items to be returned regardless of the sellers product. It's not being added back to inventory, it's thrown out. Why is this item not eligible for return. I have no use for it. Shame on you NOW brand.
I really did not like the smell.
Product is great for any type of diffuser and would recommend if you want your room smelling like a oasis, definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a oil!!!
This lavender essential oil is one I have purchased several times, so know it is good quality and smells great
This is the only kind I buy for years now! I am very happy with it. A few drops on the pillow does the job for kids as well as adults.
Cleared my problem. Gentle smell.
Love any NOW a essential oil products. I used to spend double the cost for another company but this brand is high quality, a great price and order fulfilled as promised.
I had exactly same bottle before that I purchased from different location. The one from here is not as good. It burns out much faster. Smells differently (Not as good). I will have to buy it from outside of Amazon again and find out if same again.
It seems thin although it is 30 ml and run out fast.
I love this brand and the lavender is honestly one of the best lavenders I've ever bought and usually it always arrives perfect, but this time it is seal was cracked open :( So it must have been a return which is not cool for the company to do that. I am not happy about this purchase because of this and that is why I had to pick that rating.
the oil is good, scents well, but the bottle is terrible, really difficult to open and seal, looks like some problem with the bottle cap.
I like this brand of oil, great scent and inexpensive.
Perfect for the price you pay
This product smells great, the quality is rich! Size is decent for price! Great brand!
This is the best essential oil I have used. Long lasting and true fragrance - good value for excellent quality. I have tried many others but NOW doesn't compromise quality for a good price.
I'm happy with the product always love this oil
Again, first time buying NOW essential oils. Love the scent - lavender is one of my favourites. However, trying to uncap it was a challenge. I must admit I almost gave up but I am one stubborn individual, finally got it. I will say it is definitely child-proof and in my case almost adult-proof.
I received three Lavender and one Peppermint oil they came earlier than expected date Thank you seller, the items are not sealed like those ones I bought before, I hope they are good like the previous I bought.
Not a nice lavender scent
too little aroma
Good stuff
I use my Lavender Oil every night to help relax and sleep better - love the scent - one of the best on the market.
Not bad. The smell is similar and stronger than bleu lavande
Excellent product
Good value and great scent and good quality
Love the lavender scent and for the price it's amazing
I like the scent. Make my bedroom smell really nice.
Great value and quality.
It's lavender what's not to like
Good price . Good product.
It does not smell anywhere like the current NOW lavender oil I'm using. In fact, I'm not sure what it smells like. The cap also is different than my current product. I'm wondering if it's an original product. Stay away from this product. it's non-refundable.
Using product for hair growth essential oil. I have been using it for 2 weeks and it has been effective. No allergic reaction.
I love this scent! I put it in my oil diffuser to sleep and it's not so strong that it'll give you a headache. I'm very sensitive to smells and I barely notice it when I sleep. I'm not an expert in essential oils but to me this smells really good and I will definitely be repurchasing as soon as I run out.
I bought this lavender essential oil, as my regular brand was out of stock. What a mistake! This oil smells terrible. I nearly puked when I opened the bottle. Had to throw it away. What a waste of money.
I don't know why this lavender oil smells so terrible. I've been very happy with all the other NOW products I've gotten, but maybe this one was from a bad batch. It's not expired but smells like rancid chemicals.
Love the pure lavender scent. I use this in my bedroom diffuser and it helps to relax me. Great quality scent, which lasts until bottle is empty. It's not overpowering, just a nice scent.
I received today 2 essential oils from the same brand, "Now". One of them I opened without any problem, the other I've been trying for half an hour to open and nothing. I don't know how I will be able to use this essential oil. Can you please help me?
Works great
Smell wonderful.. I use is on my vacuum filter to make the air smell great and not heavy like some sprays
Terrible smell
This stuff smells very strong and off to me.
I was a little weirded out at first when I smelled it from the bottle but when you put it in the diffuser, it smells a lot better and way less concentrated! The smell honestly does help me relax and fall asleep as well
The best Lavender oil we have ever bought. We have been trying to find essential oils on amazon that compare to Young Living with no luck until now. This lavender smells and feels great. I would highly recommend. Ps. A quarter of the price of any MLM oils.
Very happy with my purchase, good value for you money.
The smell is awful. I wish I could return this product.
Ok product
This is the poorest lavender essential oil I have ever used. The scent is weak - I have used it in two different styles of diffusers with poor results. It is almost as if it was diluted but the label says not. In the bottle the scent is not similar to high-grade lavender essential oil. Other NOW essential oils I have purchased were quite good. I will never buy the lavender again.
Love the scent
Cost is half of what I have been paying.
Typical scent. Nothing special.
Rotten oil
Great product , fast shipping
Smells great! I put some in my diffuser every night to help me sleep!
The smell is horrendous. I normally love lavender sent but this… this is just horrible
I use this in a diffuser and love it...
I admit that I am no expert on essential oils, but this doesn't smell at all like lavender. It has a strong woody smell, and I specifically chose to buy this, because the Eucalyptus one, cheaper than this product, was described as having a woody, foresty smell, rather than a floral smell. I would much prefer buying a more expensive Itar Arabic perfumed oil than this. It doesn't smell pleasant. I am trying to extend my hair washing due to my coarse hair and saw advice to use a bit of lavender oil as a deodorizer, but this one leaves an all-spice kind of men's shaving cream or after-shave smell.
It relaxes you
Don't buy - check other options. i bought the lavender oil before (not available now). This one smells lavender plus something disgusting - the only hope is that moth doesn't like it like myself
Very disappointed in this product. I normally buy Now products but this one was terrible!! It has a very chemical scent to it and nothing like lavender at all! I didn't use it right when I got it because I still had some of another bottle from another company, and unfortunately I am now outside my return window and am stuck with this. I think I may have to throw it out because the smell isn't even pleasant. There are definitely better lavender essential oils out there!
Doesn't smell authentic. I didn't like this brand. Be careful buying oils online, other than from the company website.
These are good value and the oil smells good but the containers leak. I've had two and they both leaked. First time I thought it was a fluke but the second also leaked. I may not purchase again. It makes a smelly mess and wastes a lot of the product.
I received this oil a few days ago. The peppermint one is great but the Lavender one is horrible. Doesn't even smell like Lavender. I contacted the seller and let them know. I gave them all the info on the bottle and never got an answer back from them. I will never buy from Now again. Bad customer service for sure
Love I'll buy it again
The second time I used it, it slipped out of my hands a few inches above the bathroom sink, and shattered the bottom of the bottle. This glass bottle is not as think or sturdy as typical essential oils bottles. Lost the entire contents. Will not buy again.
Great quality,
scent is potent, and not unpleasant, but it is not the soft relaxing scent of French lavendar
I thought buying the NOW brand was a no-brainer since my other favourite no longer sells on Amz, but when I opened the bottle it smelled like alcohol and gave me a headache instantly. I didn't both waiting to see if it aired out, just returned it and bought Spruce brand instead
Great quality oil. This is my third bottle purchased. Highly recommend!
doesn't smell like any Lavendar oils I bought in the past. the scent actually makes me sick so I need to trash it since they don't offer returns.
I have ordered from this company in the past without issue, but the order I received yesterday did not smell like lavender oil at all. It smelled unpleasant and very odd, like it had been sitting in a warehouse for years. It is unfortunate, as I had a good experience in the past.
I was highly anticipating this product after reading the reviews but as soon as I opened it because of the smell its unusable! It is so strong of a smell but not floral at all, i don't smell lavender but camphor or chemical smell. So disappointed and because it was a gift it was too late to return it. Don't recommend buying it. Awful waste of money!! Now its garbage?! Wish I opened it before I wrapped it.
was disappointed
It's not real lavender oil. It smells like a cheap chemically produced liquid. Don't buy this. They must be selling this fake oil only through Amazon for mass sale price. It's cheap and smells cheap. Making me nauseous.
I just received 30ml lavender essential oil yesterday and found that there was no smell of lavender at all. It was like a fake. What makes people more angry is not to allow returns. Why not allow returns within the return period?
Doesn't smell natural, and there is an oily residue left. Definitely not the real deal. I'm disappointed because I used to trust Now products.
It's diluted and doesn't smell like lanvedar oil at all. They put the wrong label on the bottle. I bought this brand years back at the health store and had no issues. I am concerned as to what oil I have making me nauseous. You can't return it either so don't bother to spend your money
Love this oil generally, but the bottle showed up leaking and the other products in my delivery now wreak of lavender.
This is not Lavender oil at all. It is Tea Tree oil put into a bottle and labeled Lavender. I have never had a problem with anything from Amazon until now and of course I cannot return this product. I am stuck with something I do not want.
It is not lavender scent at all.
I don't like giving negative reviews :( but this doesn't smell at all like lavender essential oil. I have no idea what it is.
Smell is not lavender. It's a very strong medicine smell, only way to describe it. Not worth the buy.
Exact smell of Lavender, but Smell is so hard. When we dilute, we smell differently. It causes headaches for some. Better try another aroma. If you are more sensitive to hard smell. Stay away from lavender.
This doesn't smell like the previous one I purchased a few months back. This smells off, like it's going bad.
The bottle arrived empty with no oil in it!! It's a scam don't buy this!!!!
Has not have any smell and received damaged
bottle had been opened previously, it was obviously used and returned and re-packaged.
Not happy with this product at all!!! I used it and left my house... I came back and my house smelled weird.... I smell the bottle.... it smells nothing like lavender, absolutely horrible!!!!
I've been using NOW essence oil for long, but this time the quality & the smell is terrible.
awful awful smell...
Love the brand and oil but Amazon really needs to assess their packaging. 2 small bottles of oil came and extremely large box.
This came broken and is not returnable...
Worst lavender essential oil I've ever smelt, you can't even use it. Tried diffusing it to see if that would help, but there is an odd odour that gets left behind. Definitely do not recommend.
SCENT IS NOT LAVENDER, BUT SOMETHING ELSE AND SMELLS OF CHEMICALS.
Had to call customer service unable to open bottle... tried everything... unable to return because considered hazardous item?
lid was broken so the seal was broken and it smelled poor a little sour smelling
Stinky
Packaging atrocious. Could smell something was wrong before I even opened my box of items to find this bottle has leaked all over everything. 1/4 bottle gone. Screw cap was loose.
I did not receive the right product, let alone the right scent. Packaging sticker and code were labeled correctly but the item in the bag is an Herbal Select Peppermint oil, not NOW Lavender.
Gave me headache
Smell does not last. Would not order again
The scent is not good. I don't think it's lavender oil.
Not worth it, Ellia lavender oil is a better option.
Just received this today and the scent is absolutely horrible. Smells extremely artificial and chemically. Would NOT reccomend.
I got the package and, the bag was open... and item was missing...
Received incorrect product. Label says lavender however product is peppermint
After somehow losing the first one I ordered, I was offered a replacement. The replacement arrived and it's the wrong oil!
I have tried a lot of different ones Now is my favorite. I put in my diffuser every night for myself and two Yorkies. Calms them down and they a long with me sleep better. I love all the snow oils. A bit expensive but wept with it
the smell is almost strong like a lavender plant ... is not an essence
This did not smell like the lavender I've ordered several times before from NOW. I've tried diffusing it a few times but it gives me a headache. Not sure if this is a bad batch or a counterfeit product. It's a shame because I like ordering through Amazon for the convenience but since I don't have the option to return this item it's not worth the risk.
I put a few drops in the toilet paper roll tube, the bathroom smelled good for one day. I keep have to put more drops each day, it only lasts 24 hours.
